Privacy Policy

Welcome to Tronix Imaging Center's App (herein referred to as “Tronix Imaging Center App”, “we”, “us”, “our”. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and protect your personal information you provide us using our mobile app. By using this app, you consent to the practices in this Privacy Policy.

    1. Type of information we collect

1. Information from you

We collect information you provide including but not limited to:
    • Personal Information: Name, Email Address, Phone Number, Gender, Birthday

    • Profile Information: Profile Picture
    • Contents you submit thru this app such as reviews, feedback, and other user-generated content.

2. Automatically Collected Information

    • Device Information
    • Usage Information
    • Location Information

3. Information from Third Parties

    • If you choose to connect your account to your google or facebook account, we may receive information from this platforms


    2. Collection of Personal Data

    1. When the Customer willingly provide his/her personal information


    3. How We Use Your Information
       
       1. Personalizing and improving user experience
    2. Providing customers with updates via email, push notifications, and SMS
    3. Analyzing usage patterns to enhance our services
    4. Allows us to communicate with our customers regarding their concerns
    5. Complying with legal obligations when needed


    4. Sharing Your Information
       
       1. Service Providers who help us deliver the App's services
       2. Legal Requirements to comply with legal obligations or respond to lawful requests

    5. Data Security

	1. Tronix App implements appropriate technical and security measures to protect our customer's information from unathorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. 
We do not store debit / credit card information
	2. Automatically Collected Information  * 


    6. Software license

	To be provided by programmers

    7. Copyright

	To be provided by programmers
